capital=16 set_research_slots=3 set_stability=.5 6={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}34={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}8={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}29={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}18={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}785={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}6={add_dynamic_modifier={modifier=state_modifier_post_schlimkrieg}}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 99
	communism = 1
}
add_ideas={idea_victor_of_the_schlimkrieg_dr idea_political_crisis_dr idea_post_schlimkrieg_demobilization_dr}give_guarantee=HOL give_guarantee=LUX

recruit_character = FRA_philippe_petain
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bonnet
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard