capital = 681
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
add_ideas={idea_victor_of_the_schlimkrieg_dr idea_quelled_minorities_dr}
give_guarantee=AST
give_guarantee=IRE
give_military_access=AST
give_military_access=IRE
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}
set_convoys = 25
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.5.17"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 63
	fascism = 26
	communism = 7
	neutrality = 4
}
recruit_character = SAF_j_b_m_hertzog
recruit_character = SAF_d_f_malan
recruit_character = SAF_moses_kotane
recruit_character = SAF_pixley_ka_isaka_seme
recruit_character = SAF_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = SAF_guy_hallifax
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_oliver_knoll
recruit_character = SAF_cornelis_van_zuigenbrogge
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_van_ryneveld
recruit_character = SAF_s_p_le_roux
recruit_character = SAF_adolf_malan
recruit_character = SAF_marinus_van_osterkamp
recruit_character = SAF_robert_palmer
recruit_character = SAF_leonard_beyers
recruit_character = SAF_c_de_weenburg_du_toit
recruit_character = SAF_james_mitchell_baker
recruit_character = SAF_jeannot_de_la_tourier
recruit_character = SAF_j_f_van_rensburg
recruit_character = SAF_e_g_jansen
recruit_character = SAF_nicolaas_havenga
recruit_character = SAF_sir_patrick_duncan
#recruit_character = SAF_abram_fischer