recruit_character=SOV_iosif_stalin recruit_character=SOV_aleksandr_kerensky recruit_character=SOV_konstantin_rodzayevsky capital=219 add_ideas={idea_a_fractured_motherland_dr idea_home_of_the_revolution_dr idea_agrarian_society_dr idea_red_airforce_and_navy_dr idea_stalinist_plot_dr}set_politics={ruling_party=communism last_election="1930.11.9" election_frequency=48 elections_allowed=no}set_popularities={communism=100}create_faction=Connertern add_to_faction=SOV set_power_balance={id=connerian_balance_dr left_side=connerian_conner_side_dr right_side=connerian_james_side_dr}oob="SOV" set_research_slots=3

#POLITICAL ADVISORS
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_khrushchyov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_litvinov

recruit_character = SOV_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = SOV_patriarch_sergy
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzayevsky

recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrsky

recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_maks_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky

recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikandr_chibisov

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_vatutin

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov

recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuykov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs

recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich

recruit_character = SOV_vitaly_primakov
#Not available at game start
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_korzh
recruit_character = SOV_sidor_kovpak
recruit_character = SOV_lev_dovator
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rybalko

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	recruit_character = SOV_anastasy_vonsyatsky
	# recruit_character = SOV_grigory_semyonov # starts as an advisor to Puyi
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_anastasy
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_nikolay
	recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_ustryalov
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kazembek
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_aleksy
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_meletius
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_prokofyev_seversky
	recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_tkachyov
	recruit_character = SOV_yan_nagursky
	recruit_character = SOV_vasily_yanchenko
	recruit_character = SOV_tsar_vladimir_kirillovich

	recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_krasnov
	recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_nechayev
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_rodzyanko
	recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kosmin
	recruit_character = SOV_andrey_shkuro
	recruit_character = SOV_anton_denikin
}